docs: update  affix to data-table doc (#126)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/anchor/demos/enUS/index.demo-entry.md

| Name | Type | Default | Description |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |

> | affix | `boolean` | `false` | If it works like a affix. If set to `true`, it will recieve props from [affix](affix#Props). |

Reviewer: "like **an** affix" (grammar nazism, sorry not sorry)

> | affix | `boolean` | `false` | If it works like a affix. If set to `true`, it will recieve props from [affix](affix#Props). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| affix | `boolean` | `false` | If it works like an affix. If set to `true`, it will recieve props from [affix](affix#Props). |
```

| bound | `number` | `12` | The height of the border when scrolling. |
| ignore-gap | `boolean` | `false` | If set to `true`, it will be displayed on the exact href. |
| offset-target | `string \| HTMLElement \| Window \| Document \| (() => HTMLElement)` | `document` | The element or selector used to calc offset of link elements. If you are not scrolling the entire document but only a part of it, you may need to set this. |
| show-rail | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show the sider rail. |
| show-background | `boolean` | `true` | Whether to show background of links. |

## Methods

| Name | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | scrollTo | `(href: string) => void` | Manually trigger to the specified scroll position. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| scrollTo | `(href: string) => void` | Manually scroll to the specific position. |
```
